This module is a interface to gdi-modern, the lowest level
ms windows graphics api. It is a work in progress,
and is copyright Dan Stanger 2002.
It is licensed under the LGPL and all rights assigned
to the Free Software Foundation.
There are many places to learn about the gdi.  The wine
web site has some links to web sites about it.
This was the first gdi program I ever wrote.

This is the modern version of gdi, i.e. case-sensitive with proper caps.

WARNING: DONT regenerate any code without
thinking very carefully.  All the c files were hand edited,
and you dont want to redo that.
END WARNING

All the C files were hand edited to use with_string_0
instead of TheAsciz.

Todo:

Fix warnings.
Fix modprep to enable -modern builds.
Test existing code.
Add more message handling code.
Finish the process*, output* routines.
Write more examples, and documentation.

To install:
move the gdi directory below your cygwin build directory
for example
/cygdrive/e/clisp-2.28/cygwin/gdi
in gdi
compile gdi.lisp with:
clisp -q -c gdi.lisp
make the object gdi.o
make
cd ..
echo rm -rf gdi+base;./clisp-link add-module-set gdi . gdi+base
cd gdi+base
cp * /usr/local/lib/clisp/base

now clisp should execute with the gdi module, and *features* should
have gdi in it.

Notes:
Some functions which in c would return a struct return multiple values
if it was more convenient to do so.  For example GetTextExtentPoint32
would return a SIZE, but most of the time, the size will be used
directly.  If this proves not to be the case, change it.

Files:
Makefile
func.awk program to convert output of c preprocesser to clisp module code
funcs-count.c functions <= 5 args
funcs-count.h header file of functions <= 5 args
funcs-ok.c functions that probably translated ok
funcs-ok.h header file of functions that probably translated ok
funcs-out.c functions that return data
funcs-out.h header file of functions that return data
funcs-prob.c functions that have been hand edited
funcs-prob.h header file of functions that will require hand editing
funcs-rest.c functions that have more than 5 parameters, has been hand edited
funcs-rest.c-prev a previous version of the previous file
funcs-rest.h header file of functions that have more than 5 parameters
funcs-rest.sh script to create the funcs-rest.c
gdi-preload.lisp used by module process
gdi.lisp lisp code for module
gdi.m c code that was written by hand
input.awk code to help generate process* routines in local.c
link.sh used by module process
local.c mostly process and output routines.
struct1.awk code to help generate process* routines in local.c
struct2.awk code to help generate lisp structures
struct3.awk code to help generate output* routines in local.c
todo obsolete ??? todo list

Maintainer note:
Dan Stanger stopped writing at this code at end of 2003, and 
Reini Urban took it over 2006.
